- [Instructor] All right, we're coming in the home stretch
here with Java, 'cause as you've seen,
when we create buckets in code,
often time we need to clean up after ourselves.
If you haven't noticed, we've had to do some cleanup.
So let's go ahead and get that process done now,
programmatically, with the Java SDK.
Jump back into our application class,
and we will create a new void message called deletebucket.
We're going to need to have a bucket for that.
Put our try block in here,
and surprise, surprise.
Once again, we will use a builder to generate our request.
This really is a solid way to build requests.
This is a great pattern,
and I'm glad that Amazon did it this way.
So, passing the bucket to the builder,
and then we will call deletebucket,
and pass it in our request.
Add in our catch block,
and back down at our main message,
we'll get rid of the pre-signing,
and we can simply delete our transient bucket at this point.
So we will do an app.deletebucket,
and we'll pass it in our transient bucket.
And let's jump over to the console.
Refresh our view.
Our bucket is there.
Okay, let's go ahead and run this application.
And it has completed,
so let's go back to the console.
Refresh our view, and we're one bucket shorter,
and it was our transient bucket that is now gone.